---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Humanatarian 

If we are considering the "work that imrpoves the lives and living condition of other people" as the definition of "humanatarian" then I would consider most open source projects to be loosely humanatarian in one way or another.

#### NEET Coin
One project I know of is NEETCoin which directly attempts to help the living conditions of others by giving them money. NEET Coin is a crypto-currency that is attempt to implement a universal basic income system and was originally created to help those who cannot find jobs or don't have any means to support themselves get back on their feet and use the money given for whatever reason they wish. While spending time on the NEET Coin discord I saw a Bengali student being assisted by one of the NEET Coin developers to receive his share of the UBI in order for him to pay his school fees. Pretty cool stuff.

## Qute Browser Team Project
As a team our group came up with many different goals to work on for our first week back from break. We recently chose a different project so we came up with a bunch of ways to become familiar with the project on github projects. All of us have a development version running (Rokney put the instruction on our readme), and each of us are going about our own ways of becoming familiar and some of us are heloing each other. For example I provided some useful links provided by qutebrowser [here](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/issues/4) so that those who are unfamiliar with vim can get up to speed on how exactly to use qutebrowser. As well as researching pull requests and becoming familiar with exactly how contributions are to be made 

## Me personally
I have the development version running locally, and I have been looking at many different closed pull requests and issues (labeled as 'easy') in order to become familiar with contributiong practices and also become familiar with the code base within qutebrowser.
