---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


##Cathedral vs Bazaar

The "Cathedral" model seems to resemble a regular company structure. There is a hierachy, and people are assigned tasks to do without much freedom involved in what exactly it is you get to work on. On the other hand, the Bazaar model seems to be completely free, almost uncomfortably so. There isn't much of a hierachy and it is completely up to the programmer to decide what they want to work on with little to no direction. With the "Cathedral" model you would be told to add a feature to existing software, while with the "Bazaar" model, you would think of the feature yourself, and then add it. 

Out of these two enviornments the Bazaar model is far more interesting, however,there is a huge barrier to entry to this model and as a more novice programmer it would be difficult for me to navigate. I would be more comfortable in a Cathedral
model for now, untill i've gained more experience programming and then would later move on to a Bazaar model.

##The Lessons

'_Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)._'

I found this quote to be pretty telling, as I used to have this obession really early in my programming life that I wanted everything done from scratch. However, such an approach is very tedious, and reusing other people's code and optimizing it is a far better stratedgy. The ability to understand what another person's code does is extremely valuable and would probably take less time then actually writing everything from scratch

'_Release early. Release often. And listen to your customers._'

This quote was pretty interesting. The reading even prefaced this quote by saying that many programmers
would think this to be a bad idea as bugs would always be present in a early releases. However, the alternative is fascinating and is more-so part of the "Bazaar" model. Personally this philosphy has caused me a lot of trouble, updating Arch can be quite a pain as sometimes my applications might stop working due to the update. However, '_bleeding edge_' software can be pretty useful as fixes often come much quicker compared to Cathedral model. 