---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


## Open Data Week Events

#### Bugs Event
The discussion on Open Data was really informative as it brought me new prospective on how Open Data should be used and even regulated. Bringing up discussions on how people may use Open Data for unethical reasons (such as discrimination, or the more specific example given for fitbit and military base tracking) which is why we should becareful on what sort of data we are making open.

The projects presented themselves were very interesting, particularly the psychology experiments. While the researcher herself acknowledged that the data may be flawed due to the audience that participated in the study, the way they were able to track data from videos is amazing. For one experiment they tracked where 4 year old eyes focused on and they were able to corelate that with hand-eye coordination and flexibility. 


#### Creative Center

At the creative center I was able to see a bunch of different interesting art pieces revolving Open Data. One of the most unique I found being a NYC Haiku machine that would form a haiku to describe NYC Job positions, and would even print out the Haiku. 

However, not all art pieces were as quirky as this one, the exhibit would tackle many ideas such as crime, sexual assault, and death. Numbers and raw data can be a bit dehumanizing at times so these data visualization attempt to give a better sense of how impactful some of this data actually is. For example, the low-level crime exhibit had a bunch of parachute cord hanging from the wall. The color of the parachute cord represented the type of crime, and the length of the string represented the number of accounts. To be able to visualize it and see low long the parachute cords were helped me grasp a new sense of the data that was being presented.

#### Photos 
I will email them 

