---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## What is Open Source?
To me Open Source is all about community. Having many different people who have never met before work on a project or write code that will be used for the benefit of other developers is such a fascinating way of doing things.

The community to me is also one of the biggest strength's of Open Source. You experienced a bug? It's more than likely be experienced by someone else too, and they also can probably steer you into the right direction for fixing it. The large community can also lead to faster development, as well as adding better features on top of already very solid platform, Atom and it's user created extentions come to mind. However, the community or lack there of, could also be Open Source Software's
biggest downfall. Lack of a community removes a lot of the perks that come with having an open source project. One could also fall victim to malicous users who may attempt to exploit your code.

## Projects

__Antegros__: The operating system I use which is based off Arch Linux. I really enjoy the arch user repository, and the Antegros distrubton of Arch Linux comes with everything I need out the box. The alternatives would be base Arch Linux if you want a really light-weight operating system, or if you want something different entirely, such as Debian, Ubuntu would be a good first choice aswell.

__Visual Studio Code__: My current text editor of choice. It comes with everything I need out of the box as well and the extentions community is just a active as any other text editor (such as Atom). Some alternatives would be Atom, (but it tends to run slower), sublime text for a very light-weight text-editor, or even vim if you want something extremely light.

__Chromium__:My current web browser of choice. The reason is simple, Chromium is open-source, so I can
keep the Chrome look while still being open source. Some alternatives would be using the many different
flavors of Firefox, or something like qtbrowser.

__Urxvt__: A terminal. I enjoy this terminal because of the amount of customization I can add to it. Some alternatives would be tilix (my previous terminal of choice, and would reccoment to anyone not using a tiling window manager), or termite.

## Speaker Questions
(I know i wasn't able to see the speaker but...)

1. What are some new interesting open source projects out there that we can get involved in?
2. What do you think are some good documentation practices for newer programmers?
